c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\SelfHost.exe.config
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\SelfHost.exe
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\SelfHost.pdb
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\obj\x86\Debug\SelfHost.exe
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\obj\x86\Debug\SelfHost.pdb
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Json.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Json.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\RazorEngine.dll
c:\users\hongyes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
